# Einsteinium
The Foundation and the Coin The Einsteinium Foundation became an official Non-Profit Organization on April 7th, registered in Montreal with NPO corporation number 882658-4.  The defining characteristic of Einsteinium its his goal to help the scientific community. Einsteinium the coin is connected to the Einsteinium foundation.  A Bitcoin-like currency with a side goal of funding scientific research let community members vote on which worthwhile scientific research projects the proceeds should be awarded too. "Scientific research it is [sic] a long-term investment in our future, and the future of our planet," the foundation claims. "Funding around the world for the big ideas has fallen dramatically in recent years. There is no restriction on eligible projects other than that the "science involved is pushing our understanding forward and could build us a better, safer future.  "To reach a wider audience than just the mining community it is essential that Einsteinium is freely traded on the exchanges and used for purchasing goods and services," the foundation writes. "Einsteinium should be as available as possible to as many people as possible to enable that trading."  Einsteinium Foundation Members  Armis Djnocide Varvarin The Campaigns The Einsteinium Foundation has a mission to raise funds for scientific research, our mining tax creates a pool of funds that provide grants to deserving applicants. Recently we integrated crowd funding into the process to likely enable the grant beneficiary to receive more funds than we could immediately supply. This enables us to market the project, our coin, our sponsor items, and the benefits of cryptocurrency to a wider audience.  So far the Foundation has contributed $4 000USD for science projects  We are looking for more Researches to fund, contact us! The Havekes Project There are different ways of viewing The Havekes Project Campaign, the first way is from the crowd funding community (not associated with cryptocurrency), a second way is through the cryptocurrency industry, and a third way of viewing this campaign is by a science research audience.  The Havekes Project Fundraising started on Indiegogo on 1st January 2015 and ended on 30th January 2015. The Campaign was a success.   This campaign was conducted at indiegogo the second largest crowd funding campaign in the world. The campaign had many eyes on it. Indiegogo did not accept any cryptocurrencies on their platform at that time and our ongoing campaigns (this is the first) will change the way crowdfunding campaigns are done.  The Einsteinium Foundation was able to get many sponsors on board of this crowdfunding (TitantBit, Knights of Malta, PimpCash now OkCash, HYPER and Gamerscoin now Gamecredit)   Donations were made with many Cryptocurrencies (EMC2 (1.71363652M coins) , HYPER (2 150 coins), PIMP/OK (120 554.2853 coins), DGB (340K coins), MYR (111 260.887 coins), DOGE (21K coins)).   About Dr. Robber Havekes  Robbert Havekes is a research associate in the lab of Ted Abel, the study's senior author and Brush Family Professor of Biology in Penn's School of Arts &amp; Sciences. Coauthors from the Abel lab included Jennifer C. Tudor and Sarah L. Ferri. They collaborated with Arnd Baumann of Forschungszentrum Jülich, Germany, and Vibeke M. Bruinenberg and Peter Meerlo of the University of Groningen, The Netherlands. Memory Problems Caused by Sleep Deprivation Prevented  Dr.Theresa O'Keefe Diabetes Research For the second Epoch, a vote was conducted and the result was a win by Dr.Theresa O'Keefe who is raising money for Mend Therapeutics, a non-profit with the goal of developing a protein for diabetic wounds that can be manufactured at low cost.  The contribution was just over 500K EMC2, which at the time, was worth close to $1 500USD.  An AMA(Ask Me Anything) was done on Reddit.  Here's an article about the subject: Digital Currency Non-Profit Organization Dedicated to Science Founded by Einsteinium EMC2 – Pledges $1500 USD to Diabetes Research  Dr.Walter Moss Cancer Research The first winner of the Monthly Award to Science was Walter Moss, a post-doctoral researcher in the lab of Prof. Joan A. Steitz at Yale University, for his operate researching if viral molecular structures can trigger cancer. The Foundation raised 526 314.56EMC2 at the time it was worth approximately $1 000USD and helped with and other 300 000EMC2, worth $600USD at the time. The funds were delivered through the Experiment.com website (more informations about the research are included in the link).  An AMA(Ask Me Anything) occured for the occasions on Reddit
